README.md, before:

# docker-thingworx
A dockerfile to dockerize the Thingworx plateform

Tested with TW 7.1.

Thingworx is a platform dedicated to design and run IoT/M2M applications. See http://www.thingworx.com/

You will need to obtain ThingWorx from PTC. It is available as a 120-day Developer Trial Edition. Sign up for a developer account at http://developer.thingworx.com and visit your dashboard to find the Developer Trial Edition.

The original author had used ThingWorx in his work at Rtone (http://rtone.fr) and a Docker container proved useful to share the platform with colleagues.

Content of the container
------------------------

ThingWorx is a Java based web app. It runs on a tomcat-8/jre-8 environment with some jvm options. ThingWorx also needs two directories to store its data.

Installation
------------

 * Add the Thingworx.war file to the build directory. Don't check this into a public github repo, because you probably don't have permissions to redistribute it.
 * `docker build -t thingworx .`
 * `docker run -d --name thingworx -p 8080:8080 thingworx`
 * connect to http://docker:8080/Thingworx
 * default account is Administrator/admin

You can open a shell in the container with: `docker exec -it thingworx bash`

Stop with: `docker stop thingworx`
Start with: `docker start thingworx`

You should use Docker shared volumes to access the TW storage directories (/ThingworxStorage and ThingworxBackupStorage) outside of the container. For example: 

    docker run -d -p 8080:8080 -v $HOME/TW/ThingworxStorage:/ThingworxStorage \
    -v $HOME/TW/ThingworxBackupStorage:/ThingworxBackupStorage thingworx


If you need to access the Docker container from another computer on the same network, you'll probably need to set up port forwarding. For example, on Windows, you'd do:

    netsh interface portproxy add v4tov4 listenport=8080 listenaddress=0.0.0.0 connectport=8080 connectaddress=docker

Stop it with: `netsh interface portproxy delete v4tov4 listenport=8080 listenaddress=0.0.0.0`

Commit message:

changed forwarding note to firewall note due to recent changes in Docker

README.md, after:

# docker-thingworx
A dockerfile to dockerize the Thingworx plateform

Tested with TW 7.1.

Thingworx is a platform dedicated to design and run IoT/M2M applications. See http://www.thingworx.com/

You will need to obtain ThingWorx from PTC. It is available as a 120-day Developer Trial Edition. Sign up for a developer account at http://developer.thingworx.com and visit your dashboard to find the Developer Trial Edition.

The original author had used ThingWorx in his work at Rtone (http://rtone.fr) and a Docker container proved useful to share the platform with colleagues.

Content of the container
------------------------

ThingWorx is a Java based web app. It runs on a tomcat-8/jre-8 environment with some jvm options. ThingWorx also needs two directories to store its data.

Installation
------------

 * Add the Thingworx.war file to the build directory. Don't check this into a public github repo, because you probably don't have permissions to redistribute it.
 * `docker build -t thingworx .`
 * `docker run -d --name thingworx -p 8080:8080 thingworx`
 * connect to http://docker:8080/Thingworx
 * default account is Administrator/admin

You can open a shell in the container with: `docker exec -it thingworx bash`

Stop with: `docker stop thingworx`
Start with: `docker start thingworx`

You should use Docker shared volumes to access the TW storage directories (/ThingworxStorage and ThingworxBackupStorage) outside of the container. For example: 

    docker run -d -p 8080:8080 -v $HOME/TW/ThingworxStorage:/ThingworxStorage \
    -v $HOME/TW/ThingworxBackupStorage:/ThingworxBackupStorage thingworx

If you need to access the Docker container from another computer on the same network, you may need to open port 8080 on your computer's firewall.
